/var/log/syslog {
su root adm
daily
dateext
dateformat .%Y-%m-%d
copytruncate
compress
delaycompress
compresscmd /usr/bin/xz
uncompresscmd /usr/bin/unxz
compressext .xz
maxage 30
missingok
notifempty
}
/var/log/mail.info {
su root adm
daily
dateext
dateformat .%Y-%m-%d
copytruncate
compress
delaycompress
compresscmd /usr/bin/xz
uncompresscmd /usr/bin/unxz
compressext .xz
maxage 30
missingok
notifempty
}
/var/log/mail.warn
/var/log/mail.err
/var/log/mail.log {
su root adm
daily
dateext
dateformat .%Y-%m-%d
copytruncate
compress
delaycompress
compresscmd /usr/bin/xz
uncompresscmd /usr/bin/unxz
compressext .xz
maxage 30
missingok
notifempty
}
/var/log/daemon.log
/var/log/kern.log
/var/log/auth.log {
su root adm
daily
dateext
dateformat .%Y-%m-%d
copytruncate
compress
delaycompress
compresscmd /usr/bin/xz
uncompresscmd /usr/bin/unxz
compressext .xz
maxage 30
missingok
notifempty
}
/var/log/user.log {
su root adm
daily
dateext
dateformat .%Y-%m-%d
copytruncate
compress
delaycompress
compresscmd /usr/bin/xz
uncompresscmd /usr/bin/unxz
compressext .xz
maxage 30
missingok
notifempty
}
/var/log/lpr.log
/var/log/cron.log {
su root adm
daily
dateext
dateformat .%Y-%m-%d
copytruncate
compress
delaycompress
compresscmd /usr/bin/xz
uncompresscmd /usr/bin/unxz
compressext .xz
maxage 30
missingok
notifempty
}
/var/log/debug {
su root adm
daily
dateext
dateformat .%Y-%m-%d
copytruncate
compress
delaycompress
compresscmd /usr/bin/xz
uncompresscmd /usr/bin/unxz
compressext .xz
maxage 30
missingok
notifempty
}
/var/log/messages
{
        rotate 4
        weekly
        missingok
        notifempty
        compress
        delaycompress
        sharedscripts
        postrotate
                /usr/lib/rsyslog/rsyslog-rotate
        endscript
}